# superior.txt

```
No one may withstand the tastes of man.

There is no escape from glamor.

Art rules the world.

Music is art.

I have superior taste in music.
```

Coin will only work if you have pay phones. My warning to you is that if
you wait too long, the lines already laid will be difficult to have. Your
city wants the old school ones. You want grandma's phone number. You have
to hold on to that number. You have to hold on to the telephone company in
your small town. In the spirit of transparency, I do not know much about
phone companies. I am sure it is complicated now, but it never used to be.
That is what you are looking for, kids. You want those phone booths again.
You want _all_ of them back though. For example, in Chicago, you can see
the rust on the concrete where a bunch of them were at the base of Trump
tower. The payphones are just the start, celebrities.

You need a city, like Chicago, that can promote the use of the old card
machines. This is the only way to beat the fucking banks. You will not be
able to shed the dependency on credit and debit for a while so you need to
eat hot dogs for a while, figuratively. In other words, the merchants must
all eventually find their way into business this way. You all need to start
using the credit card machines again. I mean the swiping ones. Your kids,
or the kids themselves, need to find a way to make them appealing culturally.
We just have to make them fashionable for a while until we get rid of them.
It is all about getting off their network.

This document should find what we are looking for with this "coin" thing
that I fucking made up, just saying. I do not even have to bitch about
any bullshit to show you how to bust out of the Dollar. I do not even have
to teach you about currency. In fact, this will be a learning experience.

My initial concern is the housing market, but I have to walk us through
this to understand.

...brb 
